About Us
Delsys Inc. (www.delsys.com) is the world leader in wearable and non-contact sensor technology for high performance electromyography, biomechanics, and physiology instruments.  Since our inception in 1993, we have focused on building a strong interdisciplinary engineering team to solve some of the most intractable challenges for non-invasive biosignal sensing for human performance research and education.  We maintain a fully-featured design and production facility, serving a unique portfolio of hardware and software products that support clients and institutions in over 85 countries.  Together with our affiliate company Altec Inc. (www.altecresearch.com) we maintain an active portfolio of research programs that leverage the latest advances in computational technologies and sensor solutions to serve a wide variety of industrial, academic, and federal government needs.


Job Description
We are seeking aspiring Software Engineers to join the Product Development Team at Delsys to help develop the core components that comprise the back-end architecture of our signal acquisition and processing software for movement science and human health applications. Our Software Engineers seek to deliver sound and vetted software solutions while making impactful contributions to all elements of our product portfolios.

Preference will be given to those that can demonstrate an aptitude for managing complex projects and have an ability to solve problems independently. Candidates who have developed their own applications, or have directly contributed to one in an impactful way are strongly urged to attach screenshots or submit a link to download the app.

Responsibilities
Design and implement software supporting our core product and portfolios including our body-worn physiological measurement sensors
Create, integrate, and test new API’s, and software components into our product lines
Design data management strategies and implement using modern frameworks
Implement drivers to communication with custom PC peripherals
Assist in the design and implementation of software solutions that translate proven research concepts into real-world products in the marketplace


Requirements
Qualifications
Be currently enrolled in or have recently graduated with an undergraduate or graduate degree in computer engineering, computer science, or similar program
Be fluent in Java, C#, or C++
Strong object-oriented design skills
Have experience with back-end development for Windows or Linux applications
Experience with wearable technology sensors or real-time data signals is useful but not required
Must be able to show valid work eligibility